Allow Route.prerender to accept an array of paths (#4318)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/advanced/prerendering.md

That's it. When you run `wasp build`, Wasp renders this route's HTML at build time. The generated HTML is served directly to browsers and crawlers, then we [hydrate](https://react.dev/reference/react-dom/client/hydrateRoot) the page for full interactivity.

### Prerendering specific paths

Instead of `true`, you can pass an array of concrete paths. This is how you prerender specific instances of a **dynamic** route: the route's path stays dynamic for client-side navigation, while the listed paths are rendered to static HTML at build time.

```ts title="main.wasp.ts"
import { app, page, route } from "@wasp.sh/spec"
import { BlogPostPage } from "./src/BlogPostPage" with { type: "ref" }

export default app({
  // ...
  spec: [
    route("BlogPostRoute", "/blog/:slug", page(BlogPostPage), {
      prerender: ["/blog/intro", "/blog/changelog"],
    }),
  ],
})
```

> Each listed path must be fully static and must match the route's path pattern. `prerender: true` is shorthand for prerendering the route's own path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each listed path must be fully static and must match the route's path pattern. `prerender: true` is shorthand for prerendering the route itself (must be static).
```

I'm kinda confused with "routes' own path" because it sounds a bit like technical details. I guess it's:
- list of paths for dynamic routes
- list with one element OR just set `true` for static routes?

I'd maybe add that "static route" somewhere.

Author: I reorganized the section so this confusion doesn't come up.
